Card keys with special meanings known so far:

"first_name"
  The visitor's first name.
  Example: "Adam"
  Notes:
    - The welcome UI should require at least one character in this field (we
      gotta welcome SOMEBODY!).

"last_name"
  The visitor's last name.
  Example: "Smith"
  Notes:
    - Might be empty for really casual folks.

"badge_icons"
  The identifiers for the icons the visitor wants on their badge.
  Example: "host, hireme"
  Notes:
    - Identifiers are like Java variable names.
    - Items are separated by a comma.
    - Whitespace should be ignored.
    - A trailing comma is allowed.
    - The welcome UI should require some special magic before allowing selection
      of SPECIAL icons like "host"
    - Icon ideas:
        special: "host"
        job: "hireme" / "hiring"
        vc: "fundme" / "funding"
        misc: "newbie"
        preference: "pirate" / "ninja"
        

"badge_tags"
  The string of text the visitor want's stuck on their badge under their name.
  Example: "pyton, cobra, http://shdh.org"
  Notes:
    - Most people write comma separated identifiers, but in general they could
      want anything under their name.
    - Trimming whitespace groups down to a single space and even removing all
      spaces adjacent to punctuation is probably reasonable if you want to pack
      their content in.
    - Allowing HTML sounds cool but probably would just make a mess.

"key"
  The rolodex key used to look up this visitor's card.
  Example: "adam@adamsmith.as"
  Notes:
    - Rolodex keys are usually email addresses (as restricted by the welcome
      UI), but anything is probably fine.

"event_key"
  This is not really part of a visitor's persisted card, but is sent with it for
    the purposes of printing.
  Example: "shdh_12"

"attended_"{event_key}
  This is a key family representing the arrival time at a given event.
  Example (for key "attended_shdh_12"): 1238712837 (some random unix timestamp)
  Notes:
    - The presence of this key is used to de-duplicate welcome UI interactions
      to produce the ATTENDED spawned event.
